Be careful don't go don't go
I'm fine.
Ok I tell you
If you dare to touch our family today
I will go to court tomorrow.
I'll tell you what.
I hahahahahaha
Sue him you sue him
I'll tell you what.
Now this goal belongs to my mother's family
And all the formalities
It's all legal hahahaha you fart
Threatened contract he voids
Invalid hahahahaha
Hey
newspaper
This walnut
Was mortgaged to us in the form of a debt
Otherwise, your old man is so busy
Why intermediate and advanced wards
Why is there an expert consultation?
Why spend 2 million in just a few days?
You can take this to court
The court will also sentence me to Liang Jiaying
Understand? 200 can't be so much
Two hundred dollars to spend
Why Qu Rang's Family?
Tell me we can defer hospital bills
Hey, I didn't say no, little girl
Senior, I said someone paid for you in advance.
But this debt
It's to be paid back.
But age and I said it was a food knife to give us pads.
Paid for
You haven't said that you will use our slaves to pay off the debt?
When you borrow money
Don't you ask who lent you the money?
Ah, is that my problem?
Exactly.
When you borrow money, you don't want to pay it back, and you don't want to pay it back.
Otherwise, what about the assets?
How can there be a good thing about mental illness now?
2 million?
Look at you in this dress and you know you can't afford it
If you are kind enough to lend you
You don't want to pay it back
How can there be such a reason? It's you.
Did you hear that?
Go and sue if you have the guts.
I'm not afraid to tell you
Don't say this contract is legal
Even if he is not legal
In this one-third acre of land in the East Garden
I want to sue a grain farm